Hi guys, in this tutorial on high
texture repetition, this is a repeated
texture. As you can see from this
to this, I want to choose this one.
Okay, the repetition is disappeared.
Okay, let's go.
First thing first, open the engine.
Okay. Go to game is right here. Select
third person. This one. Rename it.
Hide dra petition. Hit create.
Now let's go to here to file new level.
Choose basic level.
Delete this one. Selection mode. Choose
landscape mode. Hit create.
Okay, now let's go here
to the fab marketplace and search for
grass texture for example.
Choose a texture to hide the repetition.
Choose material and texture set filter
price to free.
Search for grass for example.
Okay, let's ch for example agress
to the highest quality as possible
quality.
Uh now let's go here
selection mode
add
future pack content we have to add the
starter content go to content add to my
project.
Okay fine.
Okay the downloading is finished. It's
importing
the file
this one. Let's go here to content
drawer and see our grass.
Let's go here to the material.
Select landscape
and let's go here. Select this one and
go right here.
Press this button.
Okay. Look at this. There is a lot of
repetition. I want to hide this
repetition.
How can I do that? It's very simple.
We have to go here
to content
start content materials.
We want choose for example this grass.
Duplicate this.
This one.
Hide repetition
by anywhere is hide repetition and go
here.
Move right here
on my glass repetition right here. Open
this material.
I want to modify this material.
Okay, how to do that? We have to go here
once it's opened.
Let's return here to the fab.
I want not choose to go to the row here
and choose this texture.
Okay, select the first one. This texture
sample right here.
Make it right there. and select this one
and go here.
Do the same thing,
the other one.
Select this one.
Go right here.
Add my macro variation text to the same
one.
Okay.
What's the problem?
Select this texture and make it here.
Okay. Basic texture. Simple. Choose this
one. Add the texture and do the same
thing here. Do the macro variation.
Okay. Now, let's move to the normal map.
Select it. Go here.
Replace it right here.
And go down right here.
Modulate pixel depth with noise. Make
this 5,000.
Hit apply.
Save this level.
Go right here to the content. Select my
texture
and replace right there.
Okay, look at this.
The repetition is disappeared.
Okay, this looks pretty nice.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
odd for this tutorial.